docs: add first iteration of analysis documentation (#2167)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/migrate/metrics-observe/_index.md

> **Note**
The full SLO capabilities
provided by Keptn v1 such as weighting and scoring

> have a first implementation in the [Analysis](https://lifecycle.keptn.sh/docs/implementing/slo/).

Author: html test will fail due to this but link will be valid after merge

Reviewer: Not crazy about merging something that is failing htmltest.  In this case, why are you using the full path to the file rather than a relative path -- so something like (../../implementing/slo) -- I think that is the right number of ../ strings but would need to play with it.

Author: 😨 true I will change it

> have a first implementation in the Analysis.[GitHub Epic 1646](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/issues/1646).

Author: This needs to refer to the newly created analysis.md file but I'll do it later since it breaks the pipeline

> have a first implementation in the Analysis.[GitHub Epic 1646](https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/issues/1646).

Author: ```suggestion
have a first implementation in the [Analysis](https://lifecycle.keptn.sh/docs/implementing/slo/).
```
